Screenshots & README/README.md, before:


  # README Generator

  ## Description

  My motivation for this project was - To delve deeper into using Node.JS to organize projects into separate specialized files/modules.
  I build this project because - It is a simple example to understanding why projects may be easier to comprehend when broken down into multiple files.
  The problem this project solves is - Super wordy/lengthy code that is difficult to navigate in one index.js
  Developing this project I learned - How to import/export files with JavaScript, and that I can create a program that interacts with the user without ever needing to put it into a webpage.

  ## Installation

  To install this project - You'll need to open your terminal and run "npm init -y", then "npm install inquirer@8.2.4" in order to retrieve the necessary files to run this project. 

  ## Usage
  ![Screenshot](Screenshot%202023-01-30%20115949.png)
  ![VideoSubmission](../Submission%20Video/Video%20Submission%20Challenge%207.webm)
  To use this project - Using your terminal, just run the index.js (node index.js) and you will be prompted a series of questions to answer, upon which your README will be generated.

  ## Credits

  https://opensource.org/licenses  https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba

  ## License 
  ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
 
  <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>
  

  Michael Weiss

  Veis1337

Commit message:

Deleted sample readme, updated project readme with video submission link

Screenshots & README/README.md, after:


  # README Generator

  ## License 
  ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
 
  For more information about this license - <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT> 

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description

  My motivation for this project was - To delve deeper into using Node.JS to organize projects into separate specialized files/modules.
  I build this project because - It is a simple example to understanding why projects may be easier to comprehend when broken down into multiple files.
  The problem this project solves is - Super wordy/lengthy code that is difficult to navigate in one index.js
  Developing this project I learned - How to import/export files with JavaScript, and that I can create a program that interacts with the user without ever needing to put it into a webpage.

  ## Installation

  To install this project - You'll need to open your terminal and run "npm init -y", then "npm install inquirer@8.2.4" in order to retrieve the necessary files to run this project. 

  ## Usage
  ![Screenshot](./Screenshot%202023-01-30%20115949.png)
  ![VideoSubmission](../Submission%20Video/Video%20Submission%20Challenge%207.webm)
  
  To use this project - Using your terminal, just run the index.js (node index.js) and you will be prompted a series of questions to answer, upon which your README will be generated.

  ## Contributing

  https://opensource.org/licenses  https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba

  ## Testing

  ## Questions

  Michael Weiss

  GitHub - https://github.com/Veis1337 

  For any questions regarding this project, feel free to reach out to me at weissm09@gmail.com
